Cfinspec 317 support pods (#9)
inspec/inspec-k8s: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/k8s_pod.md

platform = "k8s"

[menu]
[menu.inspec]
title = "k8s_pod"
identifier = "inspec/resources/k8s/K8s Pod"
parent = "inspec/resources/k8s"
+++

> Use the `k8s_pod` Chef InSpec audit resource to test the configuration of specific Pods in a namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `k8s_pod` Chef InSpec audit resource to test the configuration of specific Pod in the specified namespace
```

## Installation

## Syntax

```ruby

> describe k8s_pods(namespace: "NAMESPACE", name: "NAME") do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describe k8s_pod(namespace: "NAMESPACE", name: "NAME") do
```

  #...
end
```

## Parameters

`type`

> : type of the K8s resource that is for query

Reviewer: As this is `k8s_pod` resource I don't think this is required here as we are setting the type to pods internally by default. @sathish-progress ?

`namespace`
: namespace of the resource

## Properties

`uid`

> : UID of the resource

Reviewer: returns the UID of the specified Pod.

> : UID of the resource

Reviewer: UID of the Pod

Reviewer 2: ok

`name`

> : Name of the resource

Reviewer: returns the Name of the specified Pod.

`namespace`

> : Namespace of the resource

Reviewer: same goes for namespace, resource_version, kine and metadata

Reviewer 2: ok

+++

Use the `k8s_pod` Chef InSpec audit resource to test the configuration of a specific Pod in the specified namespace.

## Installation

## Syntax

```ruby
describe k8s_pod(namespace: "NAMESPACE", name: "NAME") do
  #...
end
```

## Parameters

`type`

> : Type of the K8s resource that is for a query.

Reviewer: This type property should be removed from here. This is not required.

Reviewer 2: ok
